generate_hyperlinearity_scores_cdx.ipynb = code to generate hyperlinearity scores
predicting_flg_status.ipynb = code to predict filaggrin gene loss-of-function mutation


Figure S1. Flow diagram of case inclusion, filaggrin gene mutation status, and clinical hyperlinearity ratings.

Figure S2.  We visually confirmed that the palmar hyperlinearity in the original images was consistent with the 
hyperlinearity captured in the processed images and the generated hyperlinearity scores The 8 highest and lowest scoring 
images after Sato edge detection are shown for (A) thenar and (B) palmar images. Comparison to original photos (not shown for 
consent reasons) confirmed the generated scores and processed images were appropriate.

Figure S3. Swarm plot demonstrating computational hyperlinearity scores by clinical rating. 
Mean (standard deviation) scores for each clinical group were: 
- absent 9071 (±2605.9)
- mild 10 504 (±3527.9),
- moderate 15 085 (±4383.0)
- severe 22 723 (±6375.4)

Figure S4. (A) Swarm plot demonstrating computational hyperlinearity scores by age group, with filaggrin loss-of-function 
mutations indicated by hue of each case. (B) Swarm plots demonstrating computational hyperlinearity for each filaggrin group 
presented separately by each age group.

Figure S5. External images, along with their palmar hyperlinearity status described in the original paper, are shown for 
(A) 3 thenar eminence images, from Lowe et al.2 and 
(B) 3 palmar images, from Fukuie et al.3 
(C-D) Generated scores were then mapped onto our distribution (grey lines). This showed that “moderate-severe/apparent” palmar 
hyperlinearity appropriately scored highly in our distribution, whereas “mild”, “suspected, and “absent” palmar hyperlinearity 
had lower scores.

Table S1. Baseline characteristics by filaggrin mutation status and thenar hyperlinearity score (computational).

Table S2. Prediction of filaggrin gene loss-of-function mutation (homozygous, compound heterozygous, or heterozygous) for 
both thenar eminence and palmar images using hyperlinearity scores and age with logistic regression and linear support 
vector machine classification

Table S3. Prediction of filaggrin gene loss-of-function mutation (homozygous, compound heterozygous, or heterozygous) for 
both thenar eminence and palmar images with logistic regression and linear support vector machine classification using expanded 
variable set (hyperlinearity score, age, sex, Eczema Area and Severity Index (EASI), presence of asthma, presence of hayfever, 
and presence of food allergy)
